[C#] Update after.md document for enums exercise (#818)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/enums/.docs/after.md

> Whenever you have a fixed set of constant values, an enum can be used. Using an enum gives one a type-safe way of interacting with constant values. Definining an enum is done through the `enum` keyword. An enum member is referred to by prepending it with the enum name and a dot (e.g. `Status.Active`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use an enum Whenever you have a fixed set of constant values. Using an enum gives one a type-safe way of interacting with constant values. Defining an enum is done through the `enum` keyword. An enum member is referred to by prepending it with the enum name and a dot (e.g. `Status.Active`).
```
